Add EventTarget, AbortController, and AbortSignal to web standard APIs (#2365)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/runtime-apis/web-standards.md

</Aside>

### EventTarget and Event

> The EventTarget and Event API allow objects to publish and subscribe to events.
> 
> [Go to the docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget)

Reviewer: I don't think I grabbed the right `Event` link

```suggestion
The [`EventTarget`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget) and [`Event`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) API allow objects to publish and subscribe to events.
```

Author: Yeah that's the right link

### AbortController and AbortSignal

> The AbortController and AbortSignal APIs provide a common model for canceling async operations.
> 
> [Go to the docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`AbortController`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) and [`AbortSignal`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal) APIs provide a common model for canceling asynchronous operations.
```
